In last lectures you learn a lot of new things you'll learn how ironic to get started.
And Ted we have this concept of paychecks.
It should now be clearer what pages are pages are normal components.
They are simply called pages because they hold the content for a full page in our application and they
are loaded through ironic to use navigation stack we push and pop those components called pagers onto
the stack so we can still use normal components and you will see this later in the course.
You can still create a component holding two buttons and a death for example which you didn't embed
into the template of your page.
This is perfectly possible and indeed we are already doing this because I and head are ion content I
nav bar.
These are normal components components.
I own two ships with.
So you still can use components which are not pages inside of your pages.
We are just calling it pages because those components the home and user component here are used to render
to full screen to fill the full screen and they are loaded through ironic to his navigation stack